Update sections 3 and 4 (#406)
rancher/rke2: docs/cis_self_assessment.md

etcd is a highly-available key value store used by Kubernetes deployments for persistent storage of all of its REST API objects. These objects are sensitive in nature and should be accessible only by authenticated etcd peers in the etcd cluster.
</details>

> **Result:** Not Applicable

Reviewer: glad you removed the ** here, because this should be "pass" not "Not applicable"

Reviewer: 2.4 has an erroneous * too

With any authentication mechanism the ability to revoke credentials if they are compromised or no longer required, is a key control. Kubernetes client certificate authentication does not allow for this due to a lack of support for certificate revocation.
</details>

> **Result:** Not Applicable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** Not Score - Operator Dependent
```

Logging is an important detective control for all systems, to detect potential unauthorised access.
</details>

> **Result:** FAIL TODO!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** Scored - Operator Dependent
```
I'll give you something to tweak the remediation to explain

Reviewer: Oh! I know what we can do: we can add audit configuration to the hardening guide.

Reviewer: so, lets leave this as FAIL TODO until we have the hardening guide updated

> **Result:** Not Applicable

Author: Issue added.

Security audit logs should cover access and modification of key resources in the cluster, to enable them to form an effective part of a security environment.
</details>

> **Result:** Not Applicable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** Not Scored - Operator Dependent
```

**Result:** Not Applicable

**Remediation:**

> RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed in as arguments at container run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RKE2 doesn’t launch the kubelet as a service. It is launched and managed by the RKE2 supervisor process. All configuration is passed to it as command line arguments at run time.
```

**Result:** Not Applicable

**Remediation:**

> RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed in as arguments at container run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RKE2 doesn’t launch the kubelet as a service. It is launched and managed by the RKE2 supervisor process. All configuration is passed to it as command line arguments at run time.
```

**Result:** Pass

**Audit**

> Run the below command on the master node.

Reviewer: i think this should be worker node too

The `kubelet.conf` file is the kubeconfig file for the node, and controls various parameters that set the behavior and identity of the worker node. You should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be writable by only the administrators on the system.
</details>

**Result:** Not Applicable

**Audit**

> Run the below command on the master node.

Reviewer: worker node, not master node

> ```bash

Reviewer: wrong audit. should be:
```
stat -c %a /var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/kubelet.kubeconfig
```

The `kubelet.conf` file is the kubeconfig file for the node, and controls various parameters that set the behavior and identity of the worker node. You should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be writable by only the administrators on the system.
</details>

**Result:** Not Applicable

**Audit**
Run the below command on the worker node.

```bash
stat -c %a /var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/kubelet.kubeconfig
644
```

**Remediation:**

> RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed in as arguments at container run time.

Reviewer: wrong remediation

The `kubelet.conf` file is the kubeconfig file for the node, and controls various parameters that set the behavior and identity of the worker node. You should set its file ownership to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be owned by `root:root`.
</details>

**Result:** Not Applicable

**Audit**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash

> /bin/sh -c 'if test -e /etc/kubernetes/ssl/kubecfg-kube-node.yaml; then stat -c %U:%G /etc/kubernetes/ssl/kubecfg-kube-node.yaml; fi'

Reviewer: wrong audit

```

**Remediation:**

> RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed in as arguments at container run time.

Reviewer: wrong remediation

**Result:** Not Applicable

**Remediation:**

> RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed in as arguments at container run time.

Reviewer: kubelet is not ran in a container
```suggestion
RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed to it as command line arguments at run time.
```

**Result:** Not Applicable

**Remediation:**

> RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed in as arguments at container run time.

Reviewer: not a container
```suggestion
RKE2 doesn’t require or maintain a configuration file for the kubelet service. All configuration is passed to it as command line arguments at run time.
```

**Result:** Pass

**Audit**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kubelet | grep -v grep
```

Verify that `AlwaysAllow` is not present.

**Remediation:**

> RKE2 starts kubelet with `Node,RBAC` as the value for the `--authorization-mode` argument. No manual remediation needed.

Reviewer: I'm seeing 
```
--authorization-mode=Webhook
```
for the kubelet process, not
```
`Node,RBAC`
```

**Result:** Pass

**Audit**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kubelet | grep -v grep
```

**Remediation:**

> By default, RKE2 starts the kubelet process with the `--protect-kernel-defaults` argument set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running with the `profile` flag set to `cis-1.5`, RKE2 starts the kubelet process with the `--protect-kernel-defaults` argument set to true.
```

**Result:** Pass

**Audit**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kubelet | grep -v grep
```

Verify there are no  results returned.

**Remediation:**
By default, RKE2 does not set the `--make-iptables-util-chains` argument. No manual remediation needed.

#### 4.2.8
Ensure that the `--hostname-override` argument is not set (Not Scored)
<details>
<summary>Rationale</summary>
Overriding hostnames could potentially break TLS setup between the kubelet and the apiserver. Additionally, with overridden hostnames, it becomes increasingly difficult to associate logs with a particular node and process them for security analytics. Hence, you should setup your kubelet nodes with resolvable FQDNs and avoid overriding the hostnames with IPs.
</details>

> **Result:** Not Applicable

Reviewer: We fail this
```
--hostname-override=craig-rke2
```

Author: issue added.

**Remediation:**

#### 4.2.9
Ensure that the `--event-qps` argument is set to 0 or a level which ensures appropriate event capture (Not Scored)
<details>
<summary>Rationale</summary>
It is important to capture all events and not restrict event creation. Events are an important source of security information and analytics that ensure that your environment is consistently monitored using the event data.
</details>

> **Result:** Not Applicable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** Not Scored - Operator Dependent
```

> **Remediation:**

Reviewer: Say something like "See CIS Benchmark guide for further details on configuring this."

**Result:** Pass

**Audit**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kubelet | grep -v grep
```

Verify there are no results returned.

**Remediation:**
By default, RKE2 does not set the `--make-iptables-util-chains` argument. No manual remediation needed.

#### 4.2.8
Ensure that the `--hostname-override` argument is not set (Not Scored)
<details>
<summary>Rationale</summary>
Overriding hostnames could potentially break TLS setup between the kubelet and the apiserver. Additionally, with overridden hostnames, it becomes increasingly difficult to associate logs with a particular node and process them for security analytics. Hence, you should setup your kubelet nodes with resolvable FQDNs and avoid overriding the hostnames with IPs.
</details>

> **Result:** Not Applicable FAIL TODO!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** Not Applicable
```

> **Remediation:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Remediation:** RKE2 does set this parameter for each host, but RKE2 also manages all certificates in the cluster. It ensures the hostname-override is included as a subject alternative name (SAN) in the kubelet's certificate.
```

> **Result:** Pass

Reviewer: In order to stay honest, lets change this one to not applicable, since we do our own cert mgmt.

> **Result:** Pass

Reviewer: In order to stay honest, lets change this one to not applicable, since we do our own cert mgmt.

TLS ciphers have had a number of known vulnerabilities and weaknesses, which can reduce the protection provided by them. By default Kubernetes supports a number of TLS ciphersuites including some that have security concerns, weakening the protection provided.
</details>

> **Result:** FAIL TODO!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** Not Scored - Operator Dependent
```

Reviewer: I want to mark this one as "Not Scored - Operator Dependent"

> **Result:** Pass

Reviewer: I think its a stretch to as we pass this, since we do not actually pass the audit. I'm going to open an issue to set the specified ciphers when in cis mode. Can you mark this as fail todo until then?

Reviewer: Actually, lets make this "Not Scored - Operator Dependent"

I'll update the remediation.

Reviewer: Can you add the audit from the upstream doc

Reviewer: Let's make this "Not Scored - Operator Dependent"

**Remediation:**

> By default, RKE2 is built using a FIPS 140-2 certified module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration of the parameter is dependent on your use case. Please see the CIS Kubernetes Benchmark for suggestions on configuring this for your usecase.
```
